# What has been updated?

## Changelog - (Added, Fixed, Removed):

1. Added objectloader system directly to the ranch script than using **TP Objectloader** as separate script (check notes).
2. Improved LoadModel function which is the most important function for loading objects and made it even more secure for objects that are custom and doesnt exist on your server to not break the script but actual skip those models from loading after some attempts.
3. Added (3) more API exports for the developers.
4. Fixed an issue that would not allow the players to pickup the eggs.
5. Fixed an issue on the menu section related to goats that could not allow breeding.
6. Removed sheep syncing state to a local state and in the next update we are going to sync the animation to rest players as local for the best performance and safety.

## Modified Files:

- fxmanifest.lua

## Notes


## How to update?

- You can easily update the modified files by redownloading from the **Cfx.re Portal** and copy-paste on the mentioned directory file paths.
- If new options have been implemented to the configuration file or edited, **DO NOT** copy-paste the new configuration file, otherwise you will get the latest configuration but you will lose all the changes you have made. The proper way updating a configuration file is by finding the new configuration options or the modified ones and do it **manually**.

*Cfx.re Portal **DOES NOT** force-update your configuration file or any files, if it did, you would always lose all the configuration changes you made or would totally break the script, all files are updated or edited manually.*
