# What has been updated?

## Changelog - (Added, Fixed, Removed):

1. Fixed a bug with animal poop gathering - the system would not allow the animals to poop again after picked once and also when there were no players online and animal pooped, it would bug. Thanks to a client @guga we fixed this issue.
2. Fixed multiple bugs related to members management - could add multiple times the same person as a member, all data were not updated properly on server and client for new member, characterIdentifier was not being checked properly and also would not start animal tasks or ranch tasks in general on new members.
3. Fixed some very major bugs server side and code improvements.
4. Fixed an issue with container storages that would not be generated on first time but on the second script or server restart.
5. Fixed poop task schedule timer, it was invalid and was updating every 5 seconds than the desired configurated minutes.
   
## Modified Files:

- client/** (ALL CLIENT FILES)
- server/** (ALL SERVER FILES)
- fxmanifest.lua

## Notes

- `THERE ARE NO NOTES AVAILABLE`.


## How to update?

- You can easily update the modified files by redownloading from the **Cfx.re Portal** and copy-paste on the mentioned directory file paths.
- If new options have been implemented to the configuration file or edited, **DO NOT** copy-paste the new configuration file, otherwise you will get the latest configuration but you will lose all the changes you have made. The proper way updating a configuration file is by finding the new configuration options or the modified ones and do it **manually**.

*Cfx.re Portal **DOES NOT** force-update your configuration file or any files, if it did, you would always lose all the configuration changes you made or would totally break the script, all files are updated or edited manually.*
