# What has been updated?

## Changelog - (Added, Fixed, Removed):

1. Removed ox-target for targetting animals, it was not possible to retrieve latest animal statistics / data (hunger, thirst, production, etc) and from now on, it is through targetting the animal itself and by using Q Show Animal Info.
2. Removed ox-target dependency, you can now register your own target script through `client/escrow_ignore.lua` file (added new functions on the following file).
3. Fixed an issue on the minimap, for some servers based on their scripts, the minimap would stay hidden (disabled) even when menu was closed.
4. Fixed animal age when purchasing, it would start as being `0` age when it really should be `1` age on purchase.
5. Fixed an issue with action distance on goats and cows.
   
## Modified Files:

- server/main.lua
- server/api.lua (ADD THIS NEW FILE)
- server/escrow_ignore.lua
- fxmanifest.lua

## Notes

1. Add new server side file `server/api.lua`

2. Add new (2) functions located on `server/escrow_ignore.lua` file.

## How to update?

- You can easily update the modified files by redownloading from the **Cfx.re Portal** and copy-paste on the mentioned directory file paths.
- If new options have been implemented to the configuration file or edited, **DO NOT** copy-paste the new configuration file, otherwise you will get the latest configuration but you will lose all the changes you have made. The proper way updating a configuration file is by finding the new configuration options or the modified ones and do it **manually**.

*Cfx.re Portal **DOES NOT** force-update your configuration file or any files, if it did, you would always lose all the configuration changes you made or would totally break the script, all files are updated or edited manually.*
