# What has been updated?

## Changelog - (Added, Fixed, Removed):

1. Fixed an issue that has been caused by previous update related to milking, it would always display that the milking jar capacity is full and will not allow you to perform any milking action.
2. Added `pitch,roll,yaw` support on egg, water barrel and milk jug object placements. On milk jug container, an extra parameter added called `render_distance` which is required.
5. Modified configuration file for ranches with better config option positions and also new comments that are helpful while creating the ranch through ranch editor script.
   
## Modified Files:
- client/animals/**.lua (ALL)
- fxmanifest.lua

## Notes:

1. In case you are interested adding on eggs a pitch,roll,yaw rotations:

```lua

-- BEFORE:
[1]  = { x = -843.0557250976562, y = 369.40472412109375, z = 96.223388671875 },

-- CHANGE TO:
[1]  = { x = -843.0557250976562, y = 369.40472412109375, z = 96.223388671875, pitch = 0, roll = 0, yaw = 0 },
```

2. Add on milk jug object a pitch,roll,yaw rotations and render_distance:

```lua

-- BEFORE: 
        -- The coords to open the milk container storage on delivered milk jugs.
MilkContainerCoords = { x = -831.29443359375, y = 358.3121643066406, z = 96.9536376953125 },
-- CHANGE TO:
MilkContainerCoords = { x = -831.287109375, y = 358.3716735839844, z = 95.68536376953125, pitch = 7.40738677978515, roll = 2.35863161087036, yaw = -78.64884185791016, render_distance = 20.0 }, -- p_milkcan01x

```

3. Add on water barrel object a pitch,roll,yaw rotations:

```lua

-- BEFORE: 
        -- The coords to open the milk container storage on delivered milk jugs.
WaterBarrelCoords = { x = -848.4806518554688, y = 359.2357177734375, z = 96.31554412841797, render_distance = 20.0},
-- CHANGE TO:
WaterBarrelCoords = { x = -848.4806518554688, y = 359.2357177734375, z = 96.31415557861328, pitch = 0, roll = 0, yaw = 0, render_distance = 20.0}, -- p_barrelhalf02x

```

## How to update?

- You can easily update the modified files by redownloading from the **Cfx.re Portal** and copy-paste on the mentioned directory file paths.
- If new options have been implemented to the configuration file or edited, **DO NOT** copy-paste the new configuration file, otherwise you will get the latest configuration but you will lose all the changes you have made. The proper way updating a configuration file is by finding the new configuration options or the modified ones and do it **manually**.

*Cfx.re Portal **DOES NOT** force-update your configuration file or any files, if it did, you would always lose all the configuration changes you made or would totally break the script, all files are updated or edited manually.*
